= Overview

Online-Scoreboard.net is an online service that keeps track of sporting schedules and results. Only
contests involving two contestants at a time will be included; track meets, golf tournaments, and other such
contests involving a field of contestants competing against each other will not be included.

------

=Online-Scoreboard.net Customer Interface Functional Specification
------
 This functional specification is still in development
 and will need to be revised several times before it is finalized.

This component deals with a single role involved with the service, that of the Customer.

*  Customers - Customers are the owners of Competitions and, as such, can create a Competition
   and once a Competition is created, the owner can do anything to the Competition,
   including setting or changing a password to limit Manager access and
   setting or changing a password to limit Scorer access.


== Non Goals


This version will not support the following features, although it is anticipated that it
might become a feature in a subsequent version in the near future:

* Include Customer's own logo.

These  features will not be included and will likely never be:

* Make a Silk Purse from a Sow's Ear.
* Read the user's mind.


== Web Page Specifications

 The web pages described here merely give the underlying
 functionality and flow of the application. The actual look
 and feel will be developed iteratively over time with user feedback.

The overall layout will be the same for nearly all the Web Pages. The layout will consist
of a banner at the top, a Navigation Panel on the left, main content to the right of the 
Navigation Panel, and brief footer information at the bottom. The Navigation Panel will 
have links which will vary based on the context. Instructions may be provided below
the navigation links. In the main content, a status message and other informational
messages will be displayed in a separate section at the top of the main content.

Exceptions to this overall layout will be noted in this specification.

=== Home Pages

This collection of pages will serve as a welcome to wandering visitors. It will provide
an introduction to the service and encourage visitors to dive deeper into the service. 
Visitors will be given the opportunity to become Customers.

Navigation links point to the "Public Display" page, the "Scorer" page, the "Manager" page, 
or to the "Login/Register" page.

=== Login/Register Page

Customer has a spot to enter their email address (which serves as their userid)
and password to login.

Also present on the page is a link to the Registration Page (below) for people
who are not yet Customers.

=== Registration Pages

Customer-to-be has a spot to enter their email address (which will be their userid)
and a login password. They will need to enter this password a second time to confirm.
A second Registration Page will capture some more particulars about the new Customer.
